Home - IEEE Pune Section
Skip to content
IEEE.org
IEEE
Xplore
Digital Library
IEEE Standards
IEEE Spectrum
More Sites
MENU
Email address
What would you like to search for?
SEARCH
Home
About
MESSAGE FROM CHAIR
execom-2026
execom-2025
EXECOM 2024
EXECOM 2023
Student Activity Committee
Communities
Affinity Group
Societies
Special Interest Group
Student Branches
Industry Engagement
Events
Awards
Resources
Newsletter
Operations Manual
PODCAST
Conferences
PUNECON 2025
ICBDS 2025
ESCI-2025
GC4T-2025
GINOTECH-2025
COMMCON-2025
ICCUBEA-2025
HSWTECH-2025
I4Tech-2025
ICEC2NT-2025
ITECINDIA-2025
INCOWOCO-2025
Contact us
Useful Links
Call for Nomination
JCTS
SIGEEE
Admin Login
Check the event section for latest activities. Click
here
to visit the page.
Hero
IEEE Pune Section
The Fastest Growing Section in IEEE Region 10
IEEE AWARDS
IEEE PUNE SECTION
Call for Awards 2025
About
The IEEE Pune Section honors its members and volunteers for outstanding contributions to the engineering and technology community through a variety of awards. The awards are presented annually at the IEEE Pune Section Annual General
Meeting (AGM).
Call for Application
Opens : 01 NOV 2025
Closes : 30 NOV 2025
Apply Now
IEEE Pune Section
Pune
, one of the largest urban agglomerations of India, is located in western Indian State of Maharashtra. The city is one of the biggest industrial towns in India and an important educational, industrial, and cultural center. Pune hosts several universities and well-known institutions, and research organizations. The city also houses large number of industries in the field of Information and Communication Technology (ICT), automobile, electrical, electronics, forging, foundries and other engineering Industries. More than one hundred thousand skilled engineering professionals are working in and around the city. The strength of students studying in various disciplines in the city exceeds two hundred thousand.
Membership
Become a Member
Join IEEE
Our Strength
2500+                                  24+                                15+                         100+
Members
Student Branch
Societies
conference
Message from the Chair
I am deeply grateful to all IEEE members for placing trust in us by electing me as Chair, along with the other office bearers of the IEEE Pune Section.
IEEE, the world’s largest technical non-profit volunteer-led organization, not only fosters research and technical advancements but also provides valuable volunteering opportunities for professionals and students.
Read more
Featured
Dr Surekha Deshmukh was invited at Geneva- Headquarters of Europe’s United Nations
#ieee
Annual General Meeting 2023
Distinguished Lecturer from IEEE Antennas and Propagation Society
Meet with Former Director UN’s Environment Program
News
Section Activities
Fusion 2026 – 24-Hour International Level Hackathon
September 25, 2026
Aayush Singh
Fusion 2026 – 24-Hour International Level Hackathon
September 25, 2026
Aayush Singh
Reminder: Registration Open! Transfer Learning for Image Classification: A Hands-on Session
September 3, 2026
Harshal Patil
Registration Open! Transfer Learning for Image Classification: A Hands-on Session
September 2, 2026
Harshal Patil
“AI Canvas”- A National Level Competition on Generative AI Tools
August 31, 2026
amar buchade
Reminder: SAMARTHYA 2026 – National Level Project Competition & Ideathon
August 3, 2026
Aayush Singh
Volunteer with Us
Young Professionals
IEEE Pune Section Young Professionals is a community of passionate, imaginative and energetic members across Pune.
Women in Engineering
The mission and vision of IEEE Pune Section WIE is to enable, empower and encourage women in IEEE so as to create a high-spirited community of women and men to transform and innovate the world of tomorrow.
Student Activity Committee
IEEE Pune Section SAC is a community of thoughtful, innovative and dynamic individuals across Pune.
Industry Relations
IEEE Pune Section Industry Relations Committee highly aims at creating a collaborative environment between Industry and Academia to achieve greater outcomes for the professional and student members.
Membership Development Activities
To promote both professional and Student Membership growth in IEEE Pune Section and encouraging all the members to seek the highest membership grade for which they qualify. To monitor membership status and to conceive, develop and implement membership growth programs in the Section.
Educational Activities
IEEE Pune Section Educational Activities Committee largely focuses on implementing educational programs that serve the educational pursuits of not only IEEE members but also the school students who need proper guidance.
Newsletter
Newsletter
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK
IEEE Pune Section
Back to Top